<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic1107cgipd">
<title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.0: Post-Deployment Tasks in a
    Sacramento Deployment</title>
<prolog>
  <metadata>
    <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
    <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade 2.0"/>
    <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
    <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
    <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
    <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade 2.0"/>
  </metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
  
    <p>After HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade is fully installed and deployed, perform the tasks in
      this section. </p>
    <section id="backup"><title>Perform a full backup</title>After the deployment is complete, do a full backup
      of the deployment. This will make it easier to recover should you encounter a problem. For
      more information, see <xref
        href="../OperationsGuide/Backup/CGH-2-backup-restore.dita#topic10581c2br">Backup and Restore
        Configuration Files</xref>.</section>
      <section id="vsd">
        <title>Integrate HP Virtualized Services Directory (VSD)  **REQUIRED**</title>
        <p>You must perform the following tasks to integrate HP Virtualized Services Directory
          (VSD).</p>
        <p>For more information, see <xref
            href="carrier-grade-install-config-dcn.dita#topic10581cgicd">Integrate your Cloud with
            HP Virtualized Services Directory (VSD)</xref>.</p>
      </section>
  <bodydiv id="all">  
  <section>
      <title>Verify the VSC VMs</title>
      <p>The installation process creates virtual machines for VSC. VSC VMs are installed and are
        operational. </p>
      <p>For more information, see <xref href="carrier-grade-install-verify-vsc.dita#topic10581cgivvsc"
        >Verifying the VSC VMs</xref>.</p>
    </section>
  <section><title>Verify the VRS-G Node</title>
    <p>The installation creates a VRS-G node as part of the cloud
      deployment. Use the following command to verify that the VRS-G is active.</p>
        <p>For more information, see <xref
            href="carrier-grade-install-verify-vrsg.dita#topic10581cgivvrsg">Verifying the VRS-G
            Node</xref>.</p>
  </section>
    <section id="ldap">
      <title>Verify LDAP</title>
      <p>You should verify that LDAP is functioning correctly.</p>
      <p>For more information, see <xref href="carrier-grade-install-ldap-verify.dita#topic10581cgilv"
          >Verifying the LDAP Deployment</xref></p>
    </section>
  </bodydiv>
      <section>
        <title>Configure SR-IOV or PCI-Passthrough</title>
        <p>HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade also supports direct guest access to NICs using PCI
          passthrough or SR-IOV. </p>
        <p>For more information, see <xref href="CGH-2-install-sriov-pci.dita#topic10581c2isio"
            >Configuring SR-IOV or PCI-Passthrough Networking</xref></p>
      </section>
    <section>
      <title>Provision Baremetal Nodes</title>
      <p>After installing the <codeph>sacramento</codeph> template, follow these instructions to
        provision baremetal nodes. </p>
      <p>For more information, see <xref
          href="../OperationsGuide/Baremetal/carrier-grade-provision-baremetal-nodes-import.dita#topic1107cgpbnr"
          >Provision Baremetal Nodes for the Sacramento Deployment</xref>.</p>
    </section>
  
  </body>
</topic>
