<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic10581c2bc">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.0: Configuring the Backup and
    Restore Location </title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <!-- https://wiki.hpcloud.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=53513771 -->
    <p><!--Here is the wiki link for Attis. <xref href="https://rndwiki.corp.hpecorp.net/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=946944841" format="html" scope="external">https://rndwiki.corp.hpecorp.net/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=946944841</xref> 
The high level design needs to be adjusted to more suite with CG(It is reflecting CS in some areas)I will soon update it. 
But the CLI, REST API etc should all be same --></p>
    <section id="overview">
      <p>Before you start your first backup, you must use the Attis CLI to specify where HP Helion
        OpenStack Carrier Grade will store backup files. For information about the attis CLI, see
        the <xref href="CGH-2--backup-restore-cli.dita#topic10581c2brc">Attis Backup and Restore
          CLI</xref>.</p>
      <p>You can store backup files using:<ul id="ul_uzn_3b3_k5">
          <li>SCP: A location on a remote server where the backup file is secure copied.</li>
          <li>NFS: A location on a network file system.</li>
          <li>FILE: A location on the cloud controller.</li>
        </ul>HPE recommends that you use an SCP or NFS server so that backup files are automatically
        moved to an off-appliance location in case of a catastrophic failure of the cloud
        controllers. You can use the FILE option if you want to manually mount shared storage on all
        three nodes of the cloud controller.</p>
      <p>IMPORTANT: If you do not set a storage location, the backup will not succeed. In the backup
        job list, you will see that SSH connection to the storage path failed, and the state is
        Failed.</p>
      <p>Perform the following steps on any cloud controller node. <ol id="ol_vzn_3b3_k5">
          <li>Log into HLM node</li>
          <li>SSH to any controller nodes from HLM using controller credentials (default username:
            cghelion)</li>
          <li>Switch to the root user by running sudo –i.</li>
          <li>Set the type of backup storage location. <ul id="ul_fk5_vp3_k5">
              <li>To set the backup storage location to an SCP server, run:
                <codeblock>attis storage --use SCP</codeblock></li>
              <li>To set the backup storage location to an NFS server, run:
                <codeblock>attis storage --use NFS</codeblock></li>
            </ul></li>
          <li>List the storage details.
            <codeblock>root@ma1:~# attis storage
+--------------------------------------+------+----------+ 
| id                                   |type  |selected  |
+--------------------------------------+------+----------+ 
|529cd8fb-c6a2-401d-9caf-61caeede7f81  |FILE  |False     |   
|d6210603-01b1-4d76-9068-e3ffa44a449e  |NFS   |False     | 
|7abb6f30-3f10-4918-9f8d-a58b157d59b9  |SCP   |True      |
+--------------------------------------+------+----------+ </codeblock></li>
          <li>View the storage parameters that you will need to update by selecting the storage ID
            of the selected type. Example:
            <codeblock>root@ma1:~# attis storage --id 7abb6f30-3f10-4918-9f8d-a58b157d59b9
+--------------------------------------+------+----------+ 
| id                                   |type  |selected  |
+--------------------------------------+------+----------+ 
|7abb6f30-3f10-4918-9f8d-a58b157d59b9  |SCP   |True      |
+--------------------------------------+------+----------+
+--------------------------------+--------------------------------------+---------+ 
|id           |storage_id        | parameter_name               | value           |
+---------------+----------------+----------------------+-------------------------+
| 18bb9b5e-&lt;...&gt;| 7abb6f30-&lt;...&gt; | user                 |                         | 
| 78aaa60e-&lt;...&gt;| 7abb6f30-&lt;...&gt; | storage_path         |                         | 
| c0a5c549-&lt;...&gt;| 7abb6f30-&lt;...&gt; | server               |                         |
| e34ac1b2-&lt;...&gt;| 7abb6f30-&lt;...&gt; | private_key_filepath | /home/attis/.ssh/id_rsa |
+---------------+----------------+----------------------+-------------------------+</codeblock></li>
          <li>Set the attis configuration of the storage type you entered in step 4 by entering:
              <codeblock>attis storage --id &lt;storage_id from the table&gt; --update '{"parameter":"new value", "parameter":"new value"}'</codeblock><p>where
              parameter in an SCP configuration is:</p><ul id="ul_c14_3b3_k5">
              <li>user: User to SSH into the remote SCP server.</li>
              <li>storage_path: Path on the remote SCP server where you want to store backup
                files.</li>
              <li>server: IP address or DNS resolvable hostname of the remote server.</li>
              <li>private_key_filepath: Private key used to SSH to the remote SCP server. By default
                /home/attis/.ssh/id_rsa on the controller is prepopulated.</li>
            </ul><p><b>SCP Example</b>
            </p><p>To specify the details of an SCP server to use for backup file
                storage:</p><codeblock>attis storage --update '{"storage_path":"/mybackupDirOnRemoteMachine","private_key_filepath":"/home/attis/.ssh/id_rsa","server":"hostofscplocation","user":"remotescpuser"}' --id &lt;copy the storage_id from attis storage&gt; </codeblock><p><b>IMPORTANT:</b>
              If you select SCP, you must copy the public key text located at
              /home/attis/.ssh/id_rsa.pub from controller nodes and paste it into the
              authorized_keys file of the SCP
              server.<codeblock>sudo su attis
ssh-copy-id &lt;remotescpuser&gt;@&lt;hostofscplocation&gt;</codeblock></p><p>If
              you want to generate a new key for setting up trust between attis and the SCP server,
              copy the private key to each controller node. Then use the attis command storage
              --update to update the private_key_filepath.</p><p><b>NFS Example</b>
            </p><p>To specify the details of an NFS server to use for backup file
              storage:</p><p>attis storage --update '{"server":"NFS server ip", "client_mount_path":
              "name of storage mount on cloud controller",
              "storage_path":"mybackupDironRemoteMachine"}' --id &lt;copy the storage_id from attis
              storage&gt;</p></li>
          <li>Restart Attis server on all three controllers if the storage option is changed to NFS
            or FILE option: <codeblock>service attis-server restart</codeblock></li>
        </ol></p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
