<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic2685">
  <title>HPE Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 4.0 : Installation
    Overview</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HPE Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HPE Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <!-- From HP/WR OpenStack Summit press release  http://www.windriver.com/news/press/pr.html?ID=13261-->
    <p><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> is a carrier-grade distribution of OpenStack, the leading
      open source cloud computing platform.</p>
    <p><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> provides communications service providers (CSPs) with an
      open source based cloud platform that meets their demanding reliability requirements.</p>
    <section>The following documentation has been organized to help you locate information for
      specific types of activities, such as installation, administration, operations, and VNF
      integration. It further provides guidelines and rules to assist the cloud architects,
      installers, and administrators in deploying the <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/>.</section>
    <section id="installing-hp-openstack-carrier-grade">
      <title>Installing <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/></title>
      <p>This section describes various installation options that are available with <keyword
          keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/>. Irrespective of any option that you select, to install <keyword
          keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> successfully, you need to perform three important steps. Failure
        to follow these recommendations will likely compromise reliability and performance:</p><p>
        <note type="important">(READ THIS FIRST)<p>
            <ul id="ul_vrv_zmn_2y">
              <li><b>STEP 1</b> - Download the installation packages.</li>
              <li><b>STEP 2 - </b><b>You need to apply a Horizon Bundle for installing the
                cloud</b>. For more information on STEP 1 and STEP 2, refer to the <xref
                  href="CGHRelNotes/HPE-Helion-Open-Stack-Carrier-Grade-4.0-cloud-installation.dita#topic_gs1_2hg_2y/custom-branding"
                  >cloud installation</xref> section. </li>
              <li><b>STEP 3</b> - To complete the installation, follow the instructions in the
                installation guides given below:<ul id="ul_hxz_hpc_fy">
                  <li><p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> installation for CPE
                    systems</b></p>This document provides information and instructions for
                    installing and configuring <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> for CPE systems
                    (Customer Premises Equipment). CPE is intended for small applications only. It
                    runs on two physical nodes. Each node provides both the controller and compute
                    functions. <p><b>Reference Link</b>- <xref
                        href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_installation_for_cpe_systems.pdf"
                        scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> installation
                        for cpe systems</xref></p></li>
                  <li><p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> installation for systems with
                        controller storage</b></p><p>This document provides information and
                      instructions for installing <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> configurations
                      for controller storage systems that are initially deployed using LVM-backed
                      block storage on controller nodes. The uses two controller nodes and (n)
                      compute nodes (minimum two recommended for redundancy). Persistent storage for
                      VMs is implemented on the controller nodes.</p>
                    <p><b>Reference Link </b>- <xref
                        href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_installation_for_systems_with_controller_storage.pdf"
                        scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> installation
                        for systems with controller storage</xref></p></li>
                  <li>
                    <p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> installation for systems with dedicated
                        storage</b></p>
                    <p>This document provides information and instructions for installing and
                      configuring <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> for dedicated storage systems
                      that uses two controller nodes, (n) compute nodes, and a storage cluster
                      consisting of up to eight storage nodes (paired for redundancy). Persistent
                      storage for VMs is implemented on the storage cluster, offering greater
                      scalability. </p>
                    <p><b>Reference Link </b>- <xref
                        href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_installation_for_systems_with_dedicated_storage.pdf"
                        scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> installation
                        for systems with dedicated storage</xref></p>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    <p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> for regions</b></p>
                    <p>This document provides installation and configuration information for
                      deploying <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> in any of the supported Regions
                      configurations. </p>
                    <p><b>Reference Link </b>- <xref
                        href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_for_regions.pdf"
                        scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> for
                        regions</xref></p>
                  </li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul>
          </p></note>
      </p></section>
    <section id="learnabout">
      <title>Learning about <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/></title>
      <p>Use the following links to review some high-level overview information about <keyword
          keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/>:</p>
      <ul>
        <li><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> release notes</b><p>This document provides a brief
            summary of new features in the current release, as well as information about known
            anomalies or usage caveats.</p><p><b>Reference Link</b> - <xref
              href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_release_notes.pdf"
              scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> release
            notes</xref></p></li>
        <li><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> introduction</b><p>This document gives an
            introduction to <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> and provides an overview of system
            capabilities, information on planning, and recommended workflows. </p><p><b>Reference
              Link</b> - <xref
              href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_introduction.pdf"
              scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/>
            introduction</xref></p></li>
        <li>
          <p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> planning</b></p>
          <p>This document helps you plan out your <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> installation,
            ensuring that you are fully prepared once you start your installation and
            configuration.</p>
          <p><b>Reference Link</b> - <xref
              href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_planning.pdf"
              scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> planning</xref></p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> system engineering guidelines</b><p>This document
            provides engineering guidelines, rules, and system parameters to assist cloud
            architects,installers, and administrators in deploying and scaling the <keyword
              keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> system to meet application specific
            requirements</p><b>Reference Link</b> - <xref
            href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_system_engineering_guidelines.pdf"
            scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> system engineering
            guidelines</xref></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section id="getting-started">
      <title>Getting started with <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/></title>
      <p>Use the following links and tools to begin working with <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"
        />:</p>
      <ul id="ul_ixk_ml2_gy">
        <li><p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> system administration</b></p>This document
          provides information pertaining to ongoing administration of a <keyword
            keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> system, including information for managing the physical nodes
          and physical networks.<p><b>Reference Link</b> - <xref
              href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_system_administration.pdf"
              scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> system
              administration</xref></p></li>
        <li><p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> cloud administration</b></p><p>This guide
            provides information on topics that an OpenStack administrator would be responsible for,
            except for the management of the physical nodes and physical networks, which is covered
            in the System Administration guide. </p><b>Reference Link</b> - <xref
            href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_cloud_administration.pdf"
            scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> cloud
            administration.pdf</xref></li>
        <li><p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> users guide</b></p>This document provides
          information about the operational actions that a tenant user can take. <p><b>Reference
              Link</b> - <xref
              href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_tenant_users_guide.pdf"
              scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> users
          guide</xref></p></li>
        <li><p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> vnf integration</b></p>This guide provides
          information to help you integrate your VNFs into a <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/>
          system. <p><b>Reference Link</b> - <xref
              href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_vnf_integration.pdf"
              scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> vnf
            integration</xref></p></li>
        <li><p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> software management</b></p>This document
          provides instructions for applying patches and software upgrades to <keyword
            keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> hosts. <p><b>Reference Link</b> - <xref
              href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_software_management.pdf"
              scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> software
              management</xref></p></li>
        <li><b>
            <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> software development kit </b><p>The <keyword
              keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> Software Development Kit (SDK) provides drivers, daemons, API
            libraries,and configuration files that you can include in a guest image to leverage the
            extended capabilities of <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/>. These components can be used
            to enhance or extend the networking features of the applications and to access the
            virtual machine (VM) management capabilities of <keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"
              />.</p><p><b>Reference Link</b> - <xref
              href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_software_development_kit.pdf"
              scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hos-phrase"/> software development
              kit</xref></p><p> </p></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
