<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic10581pdplr">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.0: Deploy the Log Rotate
    Patch</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <section id="horizon-patch">
      <p>This patch changes the <xref href="http://www.linuxcommand.org/man_pages/logrotate8.html"
          format="html" scope="external">Linux logrotate program</xref> to run hourly and configures
        logging of other services that where previously not being rotated by logrotate. Increasing
        this frequency reduces the disk space used by the log files The logrotate program archives
        specified logs and creates new logs to replace the archived logs. The logrotate logs are
        saved in the <codeph>/var/log/</codeph> directory. </p>
      <p>If the logrotate configuration files, <codeph>/etc/logrotate.d</codeph> or <codeph>
          /etc/logrotate.conf</codeph>, specify an hourly rotation interval, this patch was applied
        during installation. You can disregard these steps.   </p>
    </section>
    <section><title>Download the patch</title><p>If you have not downloaded the patch, launch the
          <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
          scope="external">Helion Distribution Network (HDN)</xref>. You must <xref
          href="https://idm.pod1.prod-core.hpwsportal.com/webid/" format="html" scope="external"
          >obtain a user account on HDN</xref> in order to download these files. </p>In a browser,
      navigate to <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
        scope="external">Helion Download Network(HDN)</xref>. <ol id="ul_lvg_jb2_xs">
        <li>Click <b>Sign In</b> to log in using your account. </li>
        <li>After signing in, click the <b>Downloads</b> link in the menu on the left side of the
          page.</li>
        <li>Download the <b
            conref="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/013"/>
          patch and the associated checksum and signature files.</li>
        <li>Verify the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/verify"
            >downloaded signature</xref> and the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/checksum"
            >downloaded checksums</xref>.</li>
        <li>Extract the compressed files until the <codeph id="patch">knc-log.rotate.patch</codeph>
          and readme files are available. <p>The README with the patch download contains information
            on files changed by these patches.</p></li>
      </ol></section>
    <section>
      <title>Install the patch</title>
      <p>
        <ol id="ol_p13_ghm_s5">
          <li>Log onto the lifecycle manager VM.<codeblock>ssh &lt;HLM_VM_IP></codeblock><p>where:
              HLM_VM_IP is the CLM IP of the lifecycle manager. Locate the IP address for the
              lifecycle manager in the <codeph>/root/infra-ansible-playbooks/group_vars/all</codeph>
              file under <codeph>hlm_clmstaticip</codeph> field.</p></li>
          <li>Copy the <codeph conref="#topic10581pdplr/patch"/> file to the <codeph>~/</codeph>
            directory. </li>
          <li>Change to the <codeph>~/kenobi-node-configuration</codeph>
            directory:<codeblock>cd ~/kenobi-node-configuration</codeblock></li>
          <li> Execute the following command to deploy the patch:
            <codeblock>patch -p1 &lt; ../knc-log.rotate.patch</codeblock></li>
          <li>Change to the <codeph>~/cg-hlm/hlm-build</codeph> directory
            <codeblock>cd ~/cg-hlm/hlm-build</codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to integrate the changes into the
            environment:<codeblock>./hlm_prepare-env.sh</codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following
            command:<codeblock>hlm generate -c &lt;cloud name></codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following command run Ansible roles and Conclude role on all the tiers:
              <ul id="ul_amv_2sb_w5">
              <li>For Sacramento
                deployments:<codeblock>hlm deploy -c &lt;cloud name> -t "ATTIS BVR-LOG ELK-SCH FND-MDB IC2-WEB SWF-CMN FND-CLU NEU-API DCN-NEU ML2-SRIOV NEU-API-BAR Conclude"</codeblock></li>
              <li>For Memphis and Tahoe
                deployments:<codeblock>hlm deploy -c &lt;cloud name> -t "ATTIS BVR-LOG ELK-SCH FND-MDB IC2-WEB SWF-CMN FND-CLU NEU-API DCN-NEU ML2-SRIOV Conclude"</codeblock></li>
              <li> For Denver
                deployments:<codeblock>hlm deploy -c &lt;cloud name> -t "ATTIS BVR-LOG ELK-SCH FND-MDB IC2-WEB SWF-CMN FND-CLU Conclude"</codeblock></li>
            </ul></li>
        </ol>
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
