<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic10581pdp22">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.0: Deploy the HPE Linux
    Patch</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <section>The HPE Linux glibc patch fixes a buffer overflow condition on systems running HPE
      Linux. The condition is due to multiple stack-based buffer overflows in the (1) send_dg and
      (2) send_vc functions in the libresolv library in the GNU C Library (aka glibc or libc6). The
      Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE®) <xref
        href="https://web.nvd.nist.gov/view/vuln/detail?vulnId=CVE-2015-7547" format="html"
        scope="external">bulletin CVE-2015-7547</xref> describes the condition.  </section>
    <section>Files added\impacted by this patch: <ul id="ul_ppq_2wr_fv">
        <li>libc6 </li>
        <li>libc-bin </li>
        <li>libc-dev-bin </li>
        <li>libc6-dev </li>
        <li>locales </li>
        <li>multiarch-support </li>
      </ul></section>
    <section><title>Download the patch</title><p>If you have not downloaded the patch, launch the
          <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
          scope="external">Helion Distribution Network (HDN)</xref>. You must <xref
          href="https://idm.pod1.prod-core.hpwsportal.com/webid/" format="html" scope="external"
          >obtain a user account on HDN</xref> in order to download these files. </p>In a browser,
      navigate to <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
        scope="external">Helion Download Network(HDN)</xref>. <ol id="ul_lvg_jb2_xs">
        <li>Click <b>Sign In</b> to log in using your account. </li>
        <li>After signing in, click the <b>Downloads</b> link in the menu on the left side of the
          page.</li>
        <li>Download the <b
            conref="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/022"/>
          patch and the associated checksum and signature files.</li>
        <li>Verify the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/verify"
            >downloaded signature</xref> and the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/checksum"
            >downloaded checksums</xref>.</li>
        <li>Extract the compressed file until the <codeph>metadata.tar.gz</codeph>file and README
          are available: <ol id="ol_kkb_3v5_cv">
            <li>Extract the <codeph>HCG2.0_hLinux001_Patch022.tar.gz</codeph> compressed file. </li>
            <li>Extract the <codeph>HCG2.0_hLinux001_Patch022.tar</codeph> compressed file.</li>
          </ol></li>
      </ol></section>
    <section>
      <title>Copy the patch</title>
      <p>
        <ol id="ol_p13_ghm_s5">
          <li>SSH into the lifecycle manager host as the root user. </li>
          <li>Log into the lifecycle manager VM as root.
              <codeblock>ssh &lt;lifecycle manager_VM_IP></codeblock><p>where: lifecycle
              manager_VM_IP is the CLM IP of the lifecycle manager. Locate the IP address for the
              lifecycle manager in the <codeph>/root/infra-ansible-playbooks/group_vars/all</codeph>
              file under <codeph>hlm_clmstaticip</codeph> field.</p></li>
          <li>Copy the patch to the <codeph>/var/hlm/clouds/&lt;cloudname>/patches</codeph>
            directory on the lifecycle manager VM.</li>
        </ol>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
    <p><b>Denver</b></p>
    <p>After copying the patch, use the following steps to deploy the patch on a Denver
      Deployment:</p>
    <ol id="ol_w15_xxr_fv">
      <li id="all-1">Change to the patch directory
        <codeblock>cd /var/hlm/clouds/&lt;cloudname>/patches</codeblock></li>
      <li id="all-2">Execute the following
        command:<codeblock>hlm patch -c &lt;cloud-name> -n HCG-glibc -t &lt;tier> </codeblock></li>
      <li id="all-3">SSH into the Standard Region controller using the CLM IP of the controller. Log in as the
          <codeph>cghelion</codeph> user. No password is
          required.<codeblock>ssh cghelion@&lt;CLM_IP></codeblock><p>The CLM IP is located on the
          lifecycle manager VM in the
            <codeph>/var/hlm/clouds/lr4tb2c1b41/desired_state/lr4tb2c1b41/001/base/stage/ansible/hosts</codeph>
          file. Look in the <codeph>[BASE-CCP-T1]</codeph>
          section:<codeblock>BASE-CCP-T1-M1-NETCLM ansible_ssh_host=10.20.37.102 
BASE-CCP-T1-M2-NETCLM ansible_ssh_host=10.20.37.103 
BASE-CCP-T1-M3-NETCLM ansible_ssh_host=10.20.37.104 </codeblock></p></li>
      <li id="all-4">Execute the following command to patch the lifecycle manager VM:
        <codeblock>hlm patch -c &lt;cloud-name> -n HCG-glibc -t localhost</codeblock></li>
      <li id="all-5">Execute the following command to patch the Standard Region
        controller:<codeblock>hlm patch -c &lt;cloud-name> -n HCG-glibc -t BASE-CCP-T2</codeblock></li>
    </ol>
  </section>
    <section>
      <title>Tahoe</title>

    <p>After copying the patch:</p>
    <ol id="ol_v2r_qyr_fv">
      <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-1"/>
      <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-2"/>
      <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-3"/>
      <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-4"/>
      <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-5"/>
      <li id="dcn">Execute the following command to patch the DCN host:
          <codeblock>hlm patch -c &lt;cloud-name> -n HCG-glibc -t BASE-CCP-T1</codeblock></li>
        <li id="vrsg">Execute the following command to patch the VRS-G node:
          <codeblock>hlm patch -c &lt;cloud-name> -n HCG-glibc -t BASE-CCP-VRG</codeblock></li>
    </ol>
    </section>
    <section><title>Memphis</title>After copying the patch:<ol id="ol_kdj_2bs_fv">
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-1"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-2"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-3"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-4"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-5"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/dcn"/>
      <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/vrsg"/>
        <li id="esx">Execute the following command to patch the ESX Compute Proxy host:
          <codeblock>hlm patch -c &lt;cloud-name> -n HCG-glibc -t BASE-CCP-CPX</codeblock></li>
      </ol></section>
      <section><title>Sacramento</title>After copying the patch:<ol>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-1"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-2"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-3"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-4"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/all-5"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/dcn"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/vrsg"/>
        <li conref="#topic10581pdp22/esx"/>
        <li id="bm">Execute the following command to patch the baremetal controller:
          <codeblock>hlm patch -c &lt;cloud-name> -n HCG-glibc -t BASE-RCP02-T1</codeblock></li>
      </ol></section>
  </body>
</topic>
