<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic10581pdpssl">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.0: Deploy the SSL Certificate
    Alternate Name Patch</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <section id="horizon-patch">This patch fixes a problem with the HP Helion OpenStack Carrier
      Grade certificate. There is no Subject Alternate Name (SAN) specified in the certificate and
      is malformed as a result. <!--HCG-1201-->
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Prerequisite</title>
      <p>This patch requires the <xref href="CGH-2-patches-ssl.dita#topic10581pdps">SSL patch
          (HCG2.0_Heat001_Patch003)</xref> to be applied first.</p>
    </section>
    <section><title>Download the patch</title><p>If you have not downloaded the patch, launch the
          <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
          scope="external">Helion Distribution Network (HDN)</xref>. You must <xref
          href="https://idm.pod1.prod-core.hpwsportal.com/webid/" format="html" scope="external"
          >obtain a user account on HDN</xref> in order to download these files. </p>In a browser,
      navigate to <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
        scope="external">Helion Download Network(HDN)</xref>. <ol id="ul_lvg_jb2_xs">
        <li>Click <b>Sign In</b> to log in using your account. </li>
        <li>After signing in, click the <b>Downloads</b> link in the menu on the left side of the
          page.</li>
        <li>Download the <b
            conref="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/010"/>
          patch and the associated checksum and signature files.</li>
        <li>Verify the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/verify"
            >downloaded signature</xref> and the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/checksum"
            >downloaded checksums</xref>.</li>
        <li>Extract the compressed files until the <codeph id="patch"
          >kcp-ssl-cert-v3.patch</codeph>, <codeph id="patch2">knc-ssl-cert-v3.patch</codeph>, and
          readme files are available. <p>The README with the patch download contains information on
            files changed by these patches.</p></li>
      </ol></section>
    <section>
      <title>Install the patch</title>
      <p>
        <ol id="ol_p13_ghm_s5">
          <li>Log onto the lifecycle manager VM.<codeblock>ssh &lt;lifecycle manager_VM_IP></codeblock><p>where:
              lifecycle manager_VM_IP is the CLM IP of the lifecycle manager. Locate the IP address for the
              lifecycle manager in the <codeph>/root/infra-ansible-playbooks/group_vars/all</codeph>
              file under <codeph>hlm_clmstaticip</codeph> field.</p></li>
          <li>Copy the <codeph conref="#topic10581pdpssl/patch2"/> and <codeph
              conref="#topic10581pdpssl/patch"/> files to the <codeph>~/</codeph> directory. </li>
          <li>Change to the <codeph>~/kenobi-configuration-processor</codeph>
            directory:<codeblock>cd ~/kenobi-configuration-processor</codeblock></li>
          <li> Execute the following command to deploy the patch:
            <codeblock>patch -p1 &lt; ../kcp-ssl-cert-v3.patch</codeblock></li>
          <li>Change to the <codeph>~/kenobi-node-configuration</codeph>
            directory:<codeblock>cd ~/kenobi-node-configuration</codeblock></li>
          <li> Execute the following command to deploy the patch:
            <codeblock>patch -p1 &lt; ../knc-ssl-cert-v3.patch</codeblock></li>
          <li>Change to the <codeph>~/cg-hlm/hlm-build</codeph> directory
            <codeblock>cd ~/cg-hlm/hlm-build</codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to integrate the changes into the
            environment:<codeblock>./hlm_prepare-env.sh</codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following
              command:<codeblock>hlm generate -c &lt;cloud name></codeblock><p>Where
                <codeph>&lt;cloud name></codeph> is the name of your cloud.</p></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to redeploy the Horizon UI:
            <codeblock>hlm deploy -c &lt;cloud name> -t "FND-CLU FND-STN HZN-WEB WR-HZN" </codeblock></li>
          <li>Change to the KVM region configuration directory
            <codeblock>cd /var/hlm/clouds/&lt;cloud name>/desired_state wrloc=$(find . -name windriver-config -type d| head -n 1); cd $wrloc</codeblock></li>
          <li>Make a backup of the original <codeph>server-cert.pem</codeph> key. </li>
          <li>Copy contents of <codeph>cakey.pem</codeph> file into the
              <codeph>server-cert.pem</codeph> key available in <codeph>/etc/ssl/private/</codeph>
            on the active and standby KVM region controllers. </li>
          <li> Restart <b>haproxy</b> on active controller:
            <codeblock>service haproxy restart</codeblock></li>
        </ol>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Next Step</title>
      <p><xref href="CGH-2-post-install-patching.dita#topic10581pdp/hos">Return to Post-Installation
          Patches</xref></p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
