<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic10581pdpk">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.0: Deploy the cURL Script Patch </title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>This patch installs a cURL script on the lifecycle manager host that can be used to create
      Floating IP on the VRS-G node.</p>
    <section><title>Prerequisites</title>HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade 2.0 must be fully
      deployed before you can deploy this patch. </section>
    <section><title>Download the patch</title><p>If you have not downloaded the patch, launch the
          <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
          scope="external">Helion Distribution Network (HDN)</xref>. You must <xref
          href="https://idm.pod1.prod-core.hpwsportal.com/webid/" format="html" scope="external"
          >obtain a user account on HDN</xref> in order to download these files. </p>In a browser,
      navigate to <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
        scope="external">Helion Download Network(HDN)</xref>. <ol id="ul_lvg_jb2_xs">
        <li>Click <b>Sign In</b> to log in using your account. </li>
        <li>After signing in, click the <b>Downloads</b> link in the menu on the left side of the
          page.</li>
        <li>Download the <b
            conref="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/017"/>
          file and the associated checksum and signature files.</li>
        <li>Verify the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/verify"
            >downloaded signature</xref> and the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/checksum"
            >downloaded checksums</xref>.</li>
        <li>Extract the compressed files until the <codeph>HCG-CurlScript</codeph> directory is
          available. The readme file will be at the level where you extract the
            <codeph>HCG2.0_DCN003_Patch018.tar</codeph> file.</li>
      </ol></section>
    <section>
      <title>Install the patch</title>
      <p>
        <ol id="ol_thq_m42_x5">
          <li>Copy the complete  HCG-CurlScript to /var/hlm/clouds/&lt;cloudname>/patches directory
            on lifecycle manager host. </li>
          <li>Execute following command to apply patch
            <codeblock>hlm patch -c &lt;cloud-name> -n HCG-CurlScript -t localhost</codeblock></li>
          <li>Once the above patch is deployed, the <codeph>vrsg_curl_script.tar</codeph> is
            installed in the <codeph>/opt</codeph> directory on lifecycle manager VM. </li>
          <li>Execute the following command to extract the <codeph>vrsg_curl_script.tar</codeph>
            file: <codeblock>tar -vxf vrsg_curl_script.tar</codeblock><p>The following files are
              extracted:</p><ul id="ul_dss_2p2_x5">
              <li>curl_vrsg_ha.sh</li>
              <li>curl_vrsg_ha.txt</li>
              <li>curl_vrsg_single.sh </li>
              <li>curl-vrsg_single.txt </li>
            </ul><p>For information on configuring and running the cURL script, see <xref
                href="../Installation/carrier-grade-install-config-dcn.dita#topic10581cgicd/curl"
                >Configuring Your Cloud with DCN VSD</xref>.</p></li>
        </ol>
      </p>
    </section>
    
      
  </body>
</topic>
