<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic10581pdpk">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.0: Deploy the KVM Region Custom
    Patch </title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>This patch addresses a number of issues in the KVM region.</p>
      <p><b>Note:</b> You can use the Horizon UI to see if the patch has been deployed. Select the
        <codeph>regionkvm</codeph>, then click <b>Admin</b>, then <b>System</b>, and
        <b>Inventory</b>. Click the <b>Patches</b> table for the
        <codeph>TS_HP_15_Custom_PATCH_0001_2.patch</codeph>.</p>
    <p><b>Important!</b> If you have deployed <codeph>HCG2.0_WR001_Patch001</codeph>, you must
      remove this patch before proceeding. See <xref href="#topic10581pdpk/remove" format="dita"
      /></p>
    <section><title>Download the patch</title><p>If you have not downloaded the patch, launch the
          <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
          scope="external">Helion Distribution Network (HDN)</xref>. You must <xref
          href="https://idm.pod1.prod-core.hpwsportal.com/webid/" format="html" scope="external"
          >obtain a user account on HDN</xref> in order to download these files. </p>In a browser,
      navigate to <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
        scope="external">Helion Download Network(HDN)</xref>. <ol id="ul_lvg_jb2_xs">
        <li>Click <b>Sign In</b> to log in using your account. </li>
        <li>After signing in, click the <b>Downloads</b> link in the menu on the left side of the
          page.</li>
        <li>Download the <b
            conref="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/005"/>
          file and the associated checksum and signature files.</li>
        <li>Verify the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/verify"
            >downloaded signature</xref> and the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/checksum"
            >downloaded checksums</xref>.</li>
        <li>Extract the compressed files until the
            <codeph>TS_HP_15_Custom_PATCH_0001_2.patch</codeph>, readme.txt and usecase.txt files
          are available.</li>
      </ol></section>
    <section>
    <title>Patch the
      standby controller</title>
      <p>First log into the active cotroller, patch the standby
        controller, then make the standby active.</p><ol id="ol_bcm_yg4_j5">
        <li>SSH into active controller in the KVM region. <p>For example:
            <codeph>controller-0</codeph>
        </p></li>
        <li>Create a directory for the patch:<codeblock>mkdir -p /tmp/patches</codeblock></li>
        <li>Copy the following patch file to the <codeph>/tmp/patches</codeph> directory:
            <!--per https://wiki.hpcloud.net/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=56143898--><ul
            id="ul_ald_spz_35">
            <li><codeph>TS_HP_15_Custom_PATCH_0001_2.patch</codeph></li>
          </ul></li>
        <li>Execute the following commands to upload the patch to the database:
        <codeblock>sudo sw-patch upload /tmp/patches/TS_HP_15_Custom_PATCH_0001_2.patch
</codeblock></li>
      <li>Execute the following commands to check if the patch is available for
        installation:<codeblock>sudo sw-patch query</codeblock></li>
      <li>Execute the following commands to check the Current state of all the
        hosts:<codeblock>sudo sw-patch query-hosts</codeblock></li>
      <li>Execute the following commands to apply the
        patch:<codeblock>sudo sw-patch apply TS_HP_15_Custom_PATCH_0001_2.patch
source /etc/nova/openrc</codeblock></li>
        <li>Execute the following command to patch and reboot the standby controller:
          <codeblock>system host-patch-reboot &lt;controller-#></codeblock><p>For example if
            <codeph>controller-1</codeph> is the standby
          controller:</p><codeblock>system host-patch-reboot controller-1</codeblock><p>Wait until
          the standby controller comes up after patching. </p></li>
        <li>Execute the following command to switch the active controller from the specified
        controller: <codeblock>system host-swact controller-# </codeblock><p>For example, if the
          active controller is
          <codeph>controller-0</codeph>:<codeblock>system host-swact controller-0</codeblock></p><p>This
          command makes  <codeph>controller-1</codeph> the active controller and  makes
            <codeph>controller-0</codeph> the standby.</p></li>
        <li>Exit the SSH session. </li>
      </ol>
    </section>
      <section>
      <title>Patch the new standby controller</title><p>Log onto the newly active controller and patch the standby controller.</p><ol id="ol_ovz_4s4_j5">
        <li>SSH into the newly active controller. <p>For example:
        <codeph>controller-1</codeph>.</p></li>
        <li>Execute the following command: <codeblock>source /etc/nova/openrc</codeblock></li>
        <li>Execute the following command to patch and reboot the standby controller:
            <codeblock>system host-patch-reboot &lt;controller-#></codeblock><p>For example if
              <codeph>controller-0</codeph> is the standby
          controller:</p><codeblock>system host-patch-reboot controller-0</codeblock></li>
      </ol><p><b>Patch the compute nodes</b></p><p>From the active controller, perform the following
        steps:</p><ol id="ol_z3h_xs4_j5">
        <li>Execute the following command to patch and reboot the <codeph>compute-0</codeph>:
        <codeblock>system host-patch-reboot compute-0</codeblock></li>
        <li>Execute the following command to patch and reboot <codeph>compute-1</codeph>:
          <codeblock>system host-patch-reboot compute-1</codeblock></li>
      </ol>
    </section>
    <section id="remove">
      <title>Remove Patch001</title>
      <p>If you have deployed <codeph>HCG2.0_WR001_Patch001</codeph>, you must remove this patch
        before proceeding.</p>
      <p>Execute the following commands to remove <codeph>HCG2.0_WR001_Patch001</codeph>, if
          installed:<ol id="ol_erq_vmx_w5">
          <li>Execute the following command to determine if the patch was applied:  <p>
              <codeblock>sudo sw-patch query</codeblock>
            </p>If applied, you should see the patch state as <b>Applied</b>.</li>
          <li>Execute the following command to remove the
            patch:<codeblock>sudo sw-patch remove HCG2.0_WR001_Patch001</codeblock></li>
          <li>If you execute another query command, the <b>Patch State</b> will be
              <b>Partial-Remove</b>.<codeblock>sudo sw-patch query</codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to query the patching status of all hosts in the
            cluster: <codeblock>sudo sw-patch query-hosts</codeblock>Your hosts <b>Reboot
              Required</b> state will be <b>Yes</b>.</li>
          <li>Execute the following command to reboot the stanby
            controller:<codeblock>system host-patch-reboot controller-#</codeblock> Wait until
            standby controller node comes back up.</li>
          <li>Execute the following command to switch the active controller from the specified
            controller: <codeblock>system host-swact controller-#  </codeblock></li>
          <li>SSH into the newly active controller: <p>For example:
              <codeph>controller-1</codeph>.</p></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to patch and reboot the new standby controller:
            <codeblock>system host-patch-reboot &lt;controller-#></codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to patch and reboot the <codeph>compute-0</codeph>:
            <codeblock>system host-patch-reboot compute-0</codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to patch and reboot <codeph>compute-1</codeph>:
            <codeblock>system host-patch-reboot compute-1</codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to make sure all the nodes are unlocked and in the
              <b>Available</b> state: <codeblock>sudo sw-patch query-hosts</codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to delete Patch001:
            <codeblock>sw-patch delete TS_HP_15_Custom_PATCH_0001</codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to determine if the patch was deleted:<p>
              <codeblock>sudo sw-patch query</codeblock>
            </p>The <codeph>TS_HP_15_Custom_PATCH_0001</codeph> patch should not appear in the
            list.</li>
        </ol></p>
    </section>
    
      
  </body>
</topic>
