<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic10581pdp21">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.0: Deploy the Infoblox
    Patch</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <section><note>This patch is not required for Denver deployments.</note> <p>This is optional patch and
        is applicable only when using Infoblox as an IP address management application
        (<i>IPAM</i>).</p>
      <p>This patch addresses the following issues:</p><ul id="ul_pft_vzz_2v">
        <li>Support <codeph>subnet_shared_for_creation</codeph> and
            <codeph>subnet_shared_for_deletion</codeph> options in
            <codeph>infoblox_conditional.conf</codeph> file. </li>
        <li>Support for deleting subnets (<codeph>neutron subnet-delete</codeph>) gracefully and
          exiting proprly without a NetView instnace being present on the Infoblox appliance.
          <!--HCG-1431--></li>
        <li>Fixing an issue that caused the <codeph>neutron port-delete</codeph> to fail inside the
          IPAM plugin code while executing following
          commands:<!--HCG-1232--><codeblock>neutron port-create &lt;network id> --vnic-type direct
neutron port-delete &lt;port id></codeblock></li>
      </ul></section>
    <section><title>Download the patch</title><p>If you have not downloaded the patch, launch the
          <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
          scope="external">Helion Distribution Network (HDN)</xref>. You must <xref
          href="https://idm.pod1.prod-core.hpwsportal.com/webid/" format="html" scope="external"
          >obtain a user account on HDN</xref> in order to download these files. </p>In a browser,
      navigate to <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
        scope="external">Helion Download Network(HDN)</xref>. <ol id="ul_lvg_jb2_xs">
        <li>Click <b>Sign In</b> to log in using your account. </li>
        <li>After signing in, click the <b>Downloads</b> link in the menu on the left side of the
          page.</li>
        <li>Download the <b
            conref="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/021"/>
          patch and the associated checksum and signature files.</li>
        <li>Verify the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/verify"
            >downloaded signature</xref> and the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/checksum"
            >downloaded checksums</xref>.</li>
        <li>Extract the compressed file until the <codeph>hp-poc-20160229.patch</codeph>file and
          README are available: <ol id="ol_kkb_3v5_cv">
            <li>Extract the <codeph>HCG2.0_Infoblox001_Patch021.tar.gz</codeph> compressed file. </li>
            <li>Extract the <codeph>HCG2.0_Infoblox001_Patch021.tar</codeph> compressed file.</li>
          </ol></li>
      </ol></section>
    <section>
      <title>Install the patch</title>
      <p>
        <ol id="ol_p13_ghm_s5">
          <li>SSH into the lifecycle manager host as the root user. </li>
          <li>Log into the lifecycle manager VM as root.
              <codeblock>ssh &lt;lifecycle manager_VM_IP></codeblock><p>where: lifecycle
              manager_VM_IP is the CLM IP of the lifecycle manager. Locate the IP address for the
              lifecycle manager in the <codeph>/root/infra-ansible-playbooks/group_vars/all</codeph>
              file under <codeph>hlm_clmstaticip</codeph> field.</p></li>
          <li>SSH into a controller using the CLM IP of the controller. Log in as the
              <codeph>cghelion</codeph> user. No password is
              required.<codeblock>ssh cghelion@&lt;CLM_IP></codeblock><p>The CLM IP is located on
              the lifecycle manager VM in the
                <codeph>/var/hlm/clouds/lr4tb2c1b41/desired_state/lr4tb2c1b41/001/base/stage/ansible/hosts</codeph>
              file. Look in the <codeph>[BASE-CCP-T1]</codeph>
              section:<codeblock>BASE-CCP-T1-M1-NETCLM ansible_ssh_host=10.20.37.102 
BASE-CCP-T1-M2-NETCLM ansible_ssh_host=10.20.37.103 
BASE-CCP-T1-M3-NETCLM ansible_ssh_host=10.20.37.104 </codeblock></p></li>
          <li>. Copy the <codeph>hp-poc-20160229.patch</codeph> file to the <codeph>/tmp/</codeph>
            directory on the controller. </li>
          <li>Execute following command to apply patch:
            <codeblock>patch -p1 &lt; /tmp/hp-poc-20160229.patch</codeblock></li>
          <li>Edit the <codeph>/etc/neutron/infoblox_conditional.conf</codeph> on the controller to
            add the following parameter in the section with <codeph>"network_view":
              "management"</codeph>.<codeblock>"subnet_shared_for_deletion": true</codeblock><p>Refer
              to the  <codeph>infoblox_conditional_sample.conf</codeph> file included in the patch
              download files. For
              example:<codeblock>{ 
  "condition": "subnet_range:10.86.35.0/24", 
  "is_external": false, 
  "network_view": "management", 
  "disable_dhcp": true, 
  "dhcp_members": "infoblox.localdomain", 
  "require_dhcp_relay": false, 
  "subnet_shared_for_deletion": true, 
  "domain_suffix_pattern": "{subnet_name}.cloud.global.com", 
  "hostname_pattern": "{instance_name}-{ip_address}" 
},</codeblock></p></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to restart the Networking (Neutron)
            service:<codeblock>service neutron-server restart</codeblock></li>
          <li>Repeat these steps on all three controllers in the Standard Region.</li>
          <li>For Sacramento deployments, repeat these steps on the controller in the Baremetal
            Region.</li>
        </ol>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Next Step</title>
      <p><xref href="CGH-2-post-install-patching.dita#topic10581pdp/hos">Return to Post-Installation
          Patches</xref></p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
