<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic10581pdpbm">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.0: Deploy the SSL Certificate
    Alternate Name Patch</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <section id="horizon-patch">
      <p>This patch fixes issue where the baremetal service (Ironic) is not able to use the CAN
        endpoint. The patch sets the <codeph>OS_ENDPOINT_TYPE=internalURL</codeph> variable in the
          <codeph>stackrc</codeph> file that is generated on the HP Helion OpenStack controller
        nodes. <!--HCG-1116--></p>
      <p>If the <codeph>stackrc</codeph> file is present in the <codeph>/root/</codeph> directory on
        any HP Helion OpenStack controller, and the file has an entry for <codeph>export
          OS_ENDPOINT_TYPE=internalURL</codeph>, this patch was applied during installation. You can
        disregard these steps.</p>
      <p><b>Note:</b> This patch is for Sacramento deployments only.</p>
    </section>
    <section><title>Download the patch</title><p>If you have not downloaded the patch, launch the
          <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
          scope="external">Helion Distribution Network (HDN)</xref>. You must <xref
          href="https://idm.pod1.prod-core.hpwsportal.com/webid/" format="html" scope="external"
          >obtain a user account on HDN</xref> in order to download these files. </p>In a browser,
      navigate to <xref href="https://helion.hpwsportal.com/catalog.html#/Home/Show" format="html"
        scope="external">Helion Download Network(HDN)</xref>. <ol id="ul_lvg_jb2_xs">
        <li>Click <b>Sign In</b> to log in using your account. </li>
        <li>After signing in, click the <b>Downloads</b> link in the menu on the left side of the
          page.</li>
        <li>Download the <b
            conref="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/011"/>
          patch and the associated checksum and signature files.</li>
        <li>Verify the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/verify"
            >downloaded signature</xref> and the <xref
            href="../Installation/prereqs/carrier-grade-install-download.dita#topic7148cgid/checksum"
            >downloaded checksums</xref>.</li>
        <li>Extract the compressed files until the <codeph id="patch"
            >bm-endpoint-stackrc.patch</codeph> and readme files are available. <p>The README with
            the patch download contains information on files changed by these patches.</p></li>
      </ol></section>
    <section>
      <title>Install the patch</title>
      <p>
        <ol id="ol_p13_ghm_s5">
          <li>Log onto the lifecycle manager VM.<codeblock>ssh &lt;lifecycle manager_VM_IP></codeblock><p>where:
              lifecycle manager_VM_IP is the CLM IP of the lifecycle manager. Locate the IP address for the
              lifecycle manager in the <codeph>/root/infra-ansible-playbooks/group_vars/all</codeph>
              file under <codeph>hlm_clmstaticip</codeph> field.</p></li>
          <li>Copy the <codeph conref="#topic10581pdpbm/patch"/> and file to the
              <codeph>/~</codeph> directory. </li>
          <li>Change to the <codeph>~/kenobi-node-configuration</codeph>
            directory:<codeblock>cd ~/kenobi-node-configuration</codeblock></li>
          <li> Execute the following command to deploy the patch:
            <codeblock>patch -p1 &lt; ../bm-endpoint-stackrc.patch</codeblock></li>
          <li>Change to the <codeph>~/cg-hlm/hlm-build</codeph> directory
            <codeblock>cd ~/cg-hlm/hlm-build</codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to integrate the changes into the
            environment:<codeblock>./hlm_prepare-env.sh</codeblock></li>
          <li>Execute the following
              command:<codeblock>hlm generate -c &lt;cloud name></codeblock><p>Where
                <codeph>&lt;cloud name></codeph> is the name of your cloud.</p></li>
          <li>Execute the following command to redeploy the Horizon UI:
            <codeblock>hlm deploy -c &lt;cloud name> -t "STACKRC" </codeblock></li>
        </ol>
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Verify the patch</title>
      <p>SSH to any HP Helion OpenStack controller node and check that the
          <systemoutput>stackrc</systemoutput> file is present in the
          <systemoutput>/root/</systemoutput> directory and has an entry for <systemoutput>export
          OS_ENDPOINT_TYPE=internalURL</systemoutput>.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
