<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic1495">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.1 Alpha: Non-KVM Region
    Overview</title>
  <titlealts>
    <searchtitle>HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade: HP Helion OpenStack Overview</searchtitle>
  </titlealts>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack 1.1"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="All"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version2" content="HP Helion OpenStack 1.1"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>For installation and maintenance, HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade consists of three logical
      or conceptual <i>regions</i>: Non-KVM, KVM, and the optional baremetal. </p>
    <p>A server in the Non-KVM region hosts the lifecycle manager, which contains the installation
      scripts and configuration files to deploy and maintain HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade; and
      HP Helion OpenStack, a commercial-grade distribution of OpenStack.</p>
    <p><b>Note:</b> These regions do not function as OpenStack regions. </p>
    <section><title>Lifecycle Manager</title>All four deployment models install the lifecycle
      manager into the non-KVM
        region.<!-- From: https://wiki.hpcloud.net/display/core/Helion+Lifecycle+Management+Root--><p>The
        Non-KVM environment includes a full installation of a lifecycle manager, an application that
        is used to deploy HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade and can be used for ongoing operations
        and maintenance of the system.</p><ul id="ul_bhj_clv_ls">
        <li>
          <p>
            <b>Physical Node Preparation.</b> The lifecycle manager can configure nodes prior to
            installation of a base operating system, including node discovery/inventory, BIOS
            configuration, (specifically setting PXE boot on primary interface), GRUB settings, RAID
            setup for local disks, iLO/IPMI set up and firmware upgrades.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            <b>OS Install.</b> The lifecycle manager takes a PXE bootable node and installs a base
            operating system.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            <b>Cloud Configuration.</b> The lifecycle manager can provide detailed information about
            the cloud topology, such as the structure of control plane, assignment of services to
            nodes, and service configuration. You can also specify environment-specific
            configurations.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            <b>OS Configuration.</b> The lifecycle manager can automatically execute operating
            system configuration values, such as NIC assignments, NTP settings, DNS settings, NIC
            bonding, sysctl settings, VLAN creation and so forth. The lifecycle manager uses the
            Ansible data model output and server playbooks to automatically apply the per-node
            configurations.</p>
        </li>
        <li>
          <p>
            <b>Helion Operation &amp; Maintenance.</b> The lifecycle manager is responsible for the
            deploy, upgrade and maintenance lifecycle of the HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade
            system.</p>
        </li>
      </ul></section>
    <section>
      <title>HP Helion OpenStack</title>
      <p>All four deployment models install HP Helion OpenStack into the non-KVM region.</p>
      <p>HPE Helion OpenStack2.0 is the latest OpenStack-based infrastructure-as-a-service cloud
        platform release from HP. It is based on the OpenStack Kilo release and implements core
        services and features of Kilo while providing new installation and management features.</p>
      <p>HP Helion OpenStack offers many services based on the different OpenStack projects to
        provide the functionality you need. Visit the <xref
          href="../../CarrierGrade2.0/Overview/carrier-grade.services-overview.dita">HP Helion
          OpenStack Services Overview page</xref> for a complete list of services.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
