<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic6108cgrn">
    <title>HPE Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.1: Known Issues and Work
        Arounds</title>
    <prolog>
        <metadata>
            <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
            <othermeta name="product-version" content="HPE Helion Openstack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
            <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
            <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
            <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
            <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HPE Helion Openstack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <body>
        <p>Known Issues and Work around:</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_bkf_ht1_2v">
                <li>Currently, in HCG dashboard, there is no provision to rerun or execute a
                    particular role if cloud deploy fails. </li>
                <li>Helion dashboard crashes when UI has failed cloudtemplate. Workaround is to delete
                    the failed cloud template using the HLM CLI and re-login to the dashboard. For
                    example: <codeblock>rm -r /var/hlm/clouds/&lt;cloudname&gt;</codeblock></li>
                <li>When Pipelines or Retention period settings are changed through Horizon, it
                    takes a long time to apply the settings and will crash eventually. Try to
                    re-login to get to Horizon dashboard.</li>
                <li>Newly created tenants not getting listed in the dropdown menu from Horizon.
                    Workaround is to logout of Horizon and log back.</li>
                <li>Network address field shows default values when we edit the cloud from UI. But
                    wr.json file shows the right updated entries.</li>
                <li>Horizon becomes inaccessible after restarting iptables services <p>Workaround to
                        fix this issue is the execute following commands on all the 3 Standard Region
                        controllers:<codeblock>ifdown eth2 ; ifup eth2
service haproxy restart
service keepalived restart </codeblock></p>Note:
                    eth2 is CAN network<p>If you see few icons not being loaded in horizon after
                        above workaround, it is likely because service went in to an inconsistent
                        state. In that case, go to HCG Dashboard's "manage cloud" page and restart
                        "wr_horizon" service and then try logging into horizon again.</p><p>To Get
                        to HCG dashboard <xref href="http://%3cHLM" format="html" scope="external"
                            >http://&lt;HLM</xref> CLM IP>:8000</p></li>
                <li>If you should configure your lifecycle manager as an NFS server, for example as
                    a <xref
                        href="../OperationsGuide/Backup/CGH-2-attis-backup-restore.dita#topic10581c2abr"
                        >backup location for the Attis service</xref>, you will need to open ports
                    in the firewall. The HPE Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade installation process
                    configures and starts the firewall on the lifecycle manager host. <!--HCG-1535-->
                    <p>You will need to open ports: <ul id="ul_p1l_jsz_dv">
                            <li>111</li>
                            <li>2049</li>
                            <li>4001</li>
                        </ul></p>For rpcmount, edit the
                        <codeph>/etc/default/nfs-kernel-server</codeph> file to specify a
                    port:<codeblock>#RPCMOUNTDOPTS="--manage-gids"
RPCMOUNTDOPTS="-p 4001 -g"</codeblock>Then,
                    stop and restart services in the following
                    order:<codeblock>/etc/init.d/rpcbind stop
/etc/init.d/nfs-common stop
/etc/init.d/nfs-kernel-server stop
/etc/init.d/rpcbind start
/etc/init.d/nfs-kernel-server start
/etc/init.d/nfs-common start</codeblock></li>
            </ul>
        </p>
    </body>
</topic>
