<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic2995">
<title>HPE Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.0 Alpha: Allocating and Associating
    Floating IP Addresses</title>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>
<!--UNDER REVISION-->
 <!--./UseCases/TasksforUsers/IP_Addresses/1.1commercial.dashboard.ipaddress.md-->
 <!--permalink: /helion/commercial/1.1/dashboard/managing/ipaddresses/associate/--></p>
<p>Floating IP addresses allow external access to the instances in your network.</p>
<ul>
<li>
        <xref type="section" href="#topic2995/associate">Associate floating IPs to running
          instances</xref>
      </li>
<li>
        <xref type="section" href="#topic2995/allocate">Allocate floating IPs to a project</xref>
      </li>
<li>
<xref type="section" href="#topic2995/disassociate">Disassociate a floating IP address</xref>
</li>
</ul>
<p>
<b>Note:</b> You must have an external network configured for the project. Without an external network, a floating IP address is not available. When you create an external network, a pool of IP addresses is created, which you can associate to the instances on a network.</p>
<section id="associate">
      <title>Associate floating IPs to running instances</title>
      <p>To assign a floating IP address to an instance:</p>
      <ol>
        <li><xref href="../Dashboard/CGH-2-User-Dashboard-launch.dita#topic1160c2udl"> Launch the
            HPE Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade Dashboard</xref>.</li>
        <li>Click the <b>Instances</b> link on the <b>Project</b> dashboard <b>Compute</b>
          panel.</li>
        <li>For the network you want to associate the IP address, click the drop-down next to
            <b>Create Snapshot </b>then <b>Associate Floating IP</b>.<p>
            <b>Note:</b> Instances that are in error cannot be assigned a floating IP
          address.</p></li>
        <li>In the <b>Manage Floating IP Associations</b> screen, select an address from the <b>IP
            Address</b>. This list contains the currently allocated IP addresses.<p>
            <b>Note:</b> If the list is empty, you will need to allocate an IP address before you
            can associate an address to a network. Click <b>Cancel</b> and see <xref type="section"
              href="#topic2995/allocate"/>.</p></li>
      
        <li>In the <b>Port to be Associated</b> list, select the instance and port that you want to
          associate with the floating IP address.</li>
        <li>Click <b>Associate</b>.</li>
      </ol>
    </section>
<section id="allocate"> <title>Allocate floating IPs to a project</title>
<p>Before associating a floating IP address to an instance, the floating IP address must be allocated for use.</p>
<p>To allocate a floating IP address:</p>
<ol>
<li>
          <xref href="../Dashboard/CGH-2-User-Dashboard-launch.dita#topic1160c2udl"> Launch the HPE
            Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade Dashboard</xref>.</li>
<li>Click the <b>Instances</b> link on the <b>Project</b> dashboard <b>Compute</b> panel.</li>
<li>For the network you want to associate the IP address, click the drop-down next to <b>Create
            Snapshot </b>then <b>Associate Floating IP</b>.</li>
<li>In the <b>Manage Floating IP Associations</b> screen, click the <b>+</b> button next to the
            <b>IP Address</b> list.</li>
<li>In the <b>Allocate Floating IP</b> screen, select the appropriate external network in the
            <b>Pool</b> list. Select the network to which the instance connects.</li>
<li>Click <b>Allocate IP</b>.</li>
</ol>
<p>A floating IP address is added to the <b>IP Address</b> list in the <b>Manage Floating IP Associations</b> screen.</p>
<p>The floating address can be <xref type="section" href="#topic2995/associate">associated</xref> to an instance.</p>
</section>
<section id="disassociate"> <title>Disassociate a floating IP address from a network.</title>
<p>To remove a floating IP address from an instance:</p>
<ol>
<li>
          <xref href="../Dashboard/CGH-2-User-Dashboard-launch.dita#topic1160c2udl"> Launch the HPE
            Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade Dashboard</xref>.</li>
<li>Click the <b>Instances</b> link on the <b>Project</b> dashboard <b>Compute</b> panel.</li>
<li>For the network you want to disassociate the IP address, click the drop-down next to <b>Create
            Snapshot </b>then <b>Disassociate Floating IP</b>.</li>
<li>In the confirmation screen, click <b>Disassociate Floating IP</b>.</li>
</ol>
<p>The floating IP address is removed and the instance is no longer accessible from the external network.</p>
<p>
  <xref type="section" href="#topic2995"> Return to Top </xref>
</p>
<!-- ===================== horizontal rule ===================== -->
</section>
</body>
</topic>
