<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic1067">
<title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.1: Modifying Images</title>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
<p>You can modify images, as needed, to change the name and description of the image, or protect and un-protect the image.</p>
<section id="modify-an-image"> <title>Modify an image</title>
<ol>
        <li><xref href="../Dashboard/CGH-2-User-Dashboard-launch.dita#topic1160c2udl">Launch the HP
            Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade Horizon Dashboard</xref>.</li>
        <li><xref href="../Dashboard/CGH-2-User-region-selector.dita#jow1432757989702">Select the
            appropriate region and project</xref>.</li>
        <li>Based on whether you are <xref
                        href="../Dashboard/CGH-2-User-Dashboard-how-works.dita#topic6108c2udhw">working on
                        a project or the domain</xref>:<ul id="ul_zvj_cgt_jt">
                        <li>Click the <b>Admin</b> dashboard, then the <b>System</b> panel, then the
                                <b>Images</b> tab. </li>
                        <li>Click the <b>Project</b> dashboard, then the <b>Compute</b> panel, then
                            the <b>Images</b> tab. </li>
                    </ul><p>The available images are listed.</p></li>
<li>In the <b>Images</b> screen, click <b>More</b> then click <b>Edit</b> next to the image you want
          to modify.</li>
<li>Update the image information:<ul>
                        <li><b>Name</b> - Enter a name for the image.</li>
                        <li><b>Description</b> - Optionally, enter a brief description of the
                            image.</li>
                        <li><b>Format</b> - Select the correct format (for example, QCOW2) for the
                            image.</li>
                        <li><b>Minimum Disk</b> - Enter the minimum disk size required to boot the
                            image. Leave the field blank to specify no minimum. </li>
                        <li><b>Minimum RAM (MB)</b> - Enter the minimum memory size required to boot
                            the image. Leave the field blank to specify no minimum.</li>
                        <li><b>Live Migration Timeout in seconds (120-800)</b> - The maximum time
                            allowed for live migration. Set to 0 to disable timeout. If unspecified,
                            this valure defaults to 800 seconds.</li>
                        <li><b>Live Migration Max Downtime in milliseconds </b> - The maximum
                            downtime allowed for live migration in milliseconds. if unspecified,
                            this values defaults to 500ms.</li>
                        <li><b>Public</b> - Select this option to make the image public to all users
                            with access to the current project. Leave the option clear to allow the
                            image to be used in all projects in the domain.</li>
                        <li><b>Protected</b> - Select this option to prevent the image from being
                            deleted. Leave the option clear to allow the image to be deleted.</li>
                        <li><b>Instance Auto Recovery</b> - Select this option to configure the
                            instance for automatic recovery. Auto Recovery automatically replacing
                            damaged or unresponsive instances.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <note> Fields that cannot be modified are shaded.</note></li>
</ol>
<p>5, When complete, click <b>Update Image</b>.</p>
</section>
</body>
</topic>
