<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic10581pdpkvm215">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.1: Deploy the OVS Bridge Patch 1 </title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carreir Grade 1.1"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <p>HCG-ovs patch fixes the buffer overflow in versions 2.2.x through 2.3.x allows for Remote
      Code Execution, and in 2.4.0 - 2.4.8 allows for Denial of Service and possible RCE. Because
      these packets are picked up by OVS before reaching alternate filtering mechanisms such as
      iptables, which renders on-host controls ineffective. It is confirmed that sending this
      traffic to an API endpoint will allow malicious behavior. </p>
    <p>Files added\impacted: openvswitch-common openvswitch-switch </p>
    <p><b>Prerequisites</b>: - ovs-bridge patch is applied already on lifecycle manager host.</p>
    <section>
      <title>Deploy the OVS Security Patch for the lifecycle manager host</title>
    </section>
    <p>
      <ol id="ol_pz4_nb3_qv">
        <li>Log into the lifecycle manager host using your credentials. </li>
        <li>Copy the patch files to the in ~/ directory: <ul id="ul_yrk_tb3_qv">
            <li><codeph>openvswitch-common_2.4.90-1+hlinux2_amd64.deb</codeph></li>
            <li><codeph>openvswitch-switch_2.4.90-1+hlinux2_amd64.deb</codeph><codeph>update-ovs-switch.sh</codeph></li>
          </ul></li>
        <li>Login into the lifecycle manager host through iLO console </li>
        <li>Shutdown all the running VMs. <p>In case of KVM cluster move all the running VMs on the
            other KVM.</p></li>
        <li>Execute the following to upgrade openvswitch-common
          <codeblock>dpkg -i ~/openvswitch-common_2.4.90-1+hlinux2_amd64.deb</codeblock></li>
        <li>Execute the following command to stop the openvswitch service
          <codeblock>service openvswitch-switch stop</codeblock></li>
        <li>Execute the following the command to upgrade openvswitch-switch
            <codeblock>dpkg -i ~/openvswitch-switch_2.4.90-1+hlinux2_amd64.deb</codeblock><note>In
            some cases you might see failure messages which can be ignored. </note></li>
        <li>Execute the following script to update the openvswitch-switch command
          <codeblock>source ~/update-ovs-switch.sh</codeblock></li>
        <li> Execute the following command to run system daemon reload
          <codeblock>systemctl daemon-reload</codeblock></li>
        <li>Execute the following command to start the openvswitch service service
          <codeblock>openvswitch-switch start</codeblock></li>
        <li>Start all the VMs that were shutdown. In case of KVM cluster move back the VMs that
          where previously moved, then repeat the process to update the other KVM(s). </li>
        <li>Once the HOS controller VMs are up, restore MySQL by running the below
          commands:<codeblock>hlm stop -c &lt;cloud name> -t FND-MDB
hlm start -c &lt;cloud name> -t FND-MDB </codeblock>For
          more information, see  <xref
            href="../OperationsGuide/Recover/CHG-2-recover.dita#topic5937rabbit">Restart MySQL and
            RabbitMQ</xref> to make sure MySQL and RabbitMQ services are running. </li>
      </ol>
    </p>
    <section>
      <title>Deploy the OVS Security Patch for the lifecycle manager VM</title>
      <ol>
        <li>On the lifecycle manager host, copy the patch files to the
            <codeph>/var/hlm/clouds/&lt;cloudname>/patches</codeph> directory.</li>
        <li>Execute following command to apply the
          patch:<codeblock>hlm patch -c &lt;cloud-name> -n HCG-ovs -t &lt;tier> </codeblock> For
          example: <codeblock>hlm patch -c &lt;cloud-name> -n HCG-ovs -t localhost</codeblock></li>
      </ol>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
