<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic1925cgios">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.0: Deploying the Sacramento
    Template</title>
  <titlealts>
    <searchtitle>HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade 2.0: Installation Overivew</searchtitle>
  </titlealts>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    
    <p>This document describes the process for installing HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade.</p>
    <section id="about-the-installation">
      <title>About the installation</title>
      <p>The HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade Sacramento Deployment installs a virtual machine for
        the lifecycle manager, creates a base HP Helion OpenStack cloud, configures network
        virtualization through HP Distributed Cloud Networking (DCN), and deploys a carrier grade
        cloud.</p>
      <p>After installation, you can interact with the HP Helion OpenStack cloud using the <xref
          href="../../ServicesOverviews/carrier-grade-services-horizon-overview.dita"
          >Horizon graphical interface</xref> or using the CLIs of the respective <xref
          href="../../Overview/carrier-grade.services-overview.dita"
        >services</xref>.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="install-option">
      <title>KVM + ESX + Ironic with DCN Topology using the <i>sacramento</i> template</title>
      <p>If you are installing the <codeph>sacramento</codeph> template, you are installing the KVM
        region, VMware ESX storage, and a baremetal region (controlled by OpenStack Ironic). The
        networking uses HP DCN VRS. </p>
      <p>You will need to perform tasks to integrate ESX and DCN with HP Helion OpenStack Carrier
        Grade. </p>
      <p>You can also integrate HPE Storevirtual (VSA) or HPE StoreServ (3PAR) storage in the KVM
        region. </p>
      <p>You must install DCN, ESX, and 3PAR and/or VSA before starting the HP Helion OpenStack
        installation and are independent of HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade. During the
        installation, you will integrate the storage into HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade. See the
          <xref href="../sacramento/CGH-2-install-sacramento.dita#topic10581c2is/backend">installation
          instructions</xref> for the 3PAR and/or VSA parameters you will need.</p>
    </section>

    <section id="nic"><title>Unbonded or Bonded NIC configuration</title>
      <p>During the installation, specific steps might be different, based on whether you are
        installing into a single NIC or bonded NIC environment. </p>
    </section>

    <section id="installation-process">
      <title>Installation process</title>
      <p>Use the following process to install HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade in a baremetal
        environment.</p>
      <ol>
        <li>Review the <xref
            href="../carrier-grade-technical-overview.dita">Technical
            Overview</xref> for information on the HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade environment. <ul>
            <li>Review the Cloud Topologies to decide appropriate topology for your use case.</li>
            <li>Review the deployment architecture for different hypervisors</li>
            <li>Review the network architecture for networking needs</li>
          </ul></li>
        <li>Review the <xref href="../carrier-grade-technical-specs.dita#topic3485cgts">Technical
            Specifications</xref> for dimensions and limits of the current versrion of HP Helion
          OpenStack Carrier Grade. </li>
        <li>Review the <xref href="../carrier-grade-support-matrix2.dita#topic1773cgsm2">Support
            Matrix</xref> to make sure your environment meets the minimum requirements.</li>
        <li> Perform any required or optional <xref
            href="../prereqs/carrier-grade-install-prereqs.dita"
            >installation prerequisites</xref>. </li>
        <li>
          <xref
            href="../prereqs/carrier-grade-install-network-prepare.dita"
            >Prepare the network for installation</xref>
        </li>
        <li>Install the cloud topologies: <p>In this cloud topology, the components required to
            support ESX hypervisor are installed along with standard services in the non-KVM region
            first. Then the KVM region is installed.</p><ul id="ul_bn1_fl1_j5">
            <li>Install <xref href="CGH-2-install-lifecycle-sacramento.dita"> the lifecycle
                manager</xref>.</li>
            <li><xref href="CGH-2-install-dcn-sacramento.dita#topic10581c2vsd">Configure the DCN
                components</xref>. You wi;ill configure the DCN networking.</li>
            <li><xref href="CGH-2-install-esx-sacramento.dita#topic10581c2esx">Configure the ESX
                components</xref>. You will also install the VMware ESX compute proxy.</li>
            <li>Install <xref href="../sacramento/CGH-2-install-sacramento.dita">HP Helion OpenStack cloud
              </xref>. These components will be installed into what is called the <i>non-KVM
                region</i>.</li>
            <li>Launch the <xref href="../carrier-grade-install-launch-horizon.dita#topic10581cgilh"
                >Helion user interface</xref>. Verify that the non=KVM region is installled and
              install a required license.</li>
            <li>Install the <xref href="carrier-grade-install-kvm-sacramento.dita#topic1107cgiks"
                >carrier grade cloud</xref>. The carrier grade cloud is deployed into what is called
              the <i>KVM region</i>
            </li>
            <li>Perform some required and optional <xref
                href="../carrier-grade-install-post.dita#topic1107cgipd">post-installation
              tasks</xref>.</li>
            <li>Integrate <xref href="../carrier-grade-install-config-dcn.dita#topic10581cgicd">HP
                Virtualized Services Directory (VSD)</xref> into the cloud.</li>
            <li>Optionally, <xref href="../CGH-2-install-sriov-pci.dita#topic10581c2isio">configure
                SR-IOV or PCI-Passthrough networking</xref>.</li>
          </ul></li>
        <li>After the deployment is complete, do a full backup of the deployment. This will make it
          easier to recover should you encounter a problem. For more information, see <xref
            href="../../OperationsGuide/Backup/CGH-2-backup-restore.dita#topic10581c2br">Backup and
            Restore Configuration Files</xref>.</li>
      </ol>
    </section>

    <section id="first-step">
      <title>First Step</title>
      <p>Perform the <xref href="../prereqs/carrier-grade-install-prereqs.dita#topic7148cgip">prerequisite
        steps and one time setup</xref> on your lifecycle manager host required to install HP Helion OpenStack
        Carrier Grade in a baremetal environment.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
