<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="HCG4.0_installation">
  <title><ph conkeyref="HCG-conrefs/product-title"/>Installation</title>
  <abstract><shortdesc outputclass="hdphidden">Various installation options that are available with <keyword
    keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/></shortdesc></abstract>
  <body>
    <section id="installing-hp-openstack-carrier-grade">
      <p>This section describes various installation options that are available with <keyword
          keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/>. Irrespective of any option that you select, to install <keyword
          keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> successfully, you need to perform three important steps. Failure
        to follow these recommendations will likely compromise reliability and performance:</p><p>
        <note type="important">(READ THIS FIRST)<p>
            <ul id="ul_vrv_zmn_2y">
              <li><b>STEP 1</b> - Download the installation packages.</li>
              <li><b>STEP 2 - </b><b>You need to apply a Horizon Bundle for installing the
                cloud</b>. For more information on STEP 1 and STEP 2, refer to the <xref
                  href="CGHRelNotes/HPE-Helion-Open-Stack-Carrier-Grade-4.0-cloud-installation.dita#topic_gs1_2hg_2y/custom-branding"
                  >cloud installation</xref> section. </li>
              <li><b>STEP 3</b> - To complete the installation, follow the instructions in the
                installation guides given below:<ul id="ul_hxz_hpc_fy">
                  <li><p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> installation for CPE
                    systems</b></p>This document provides information and instructions for
                    installing and configuring <keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> for CPE systems
                    (Customer Premises Equipment). CPE is intended for small applications only. It
                    runs on two physical nodes. Each node provides both the controller and compute
                    functions. <p><b>Reference Link</b>- <xref
                        href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_installation_for_cpe_systems.pdf"
                        scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> installation
                        for cpe systems</xref></p></li>
                  <li><p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> installation for systems with
                        controller storage</b></p><p>This document provides information and
                      instructions for installing <keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> configurations
                      for controller storage systems that are initially deployed using LVM-backed
                      block storage on controller nodes. The uses two controller nodes and (n)
                      compute nodes (minimum two recommended for redundancy). Persistent storage for
                      VMs is implemented on the controller nodes.</p>
                    <p><b>Reference Link </b>- <xref
                        href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_installation_for_systems_with_controller_storage.pdf"
                        scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> installation
                        for systems with controller storage</xref></p></li>
                  <li>
                    <p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> installation for systems with dedicated
                        storage</b></p>
                    <p>This document provides information and instructions for installing and
                      configuring <keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> for dedicated storage systems
                      that uses two controller nodes, (n) compute nodes, and a storage cluster
                      consisting of up to eight storage nodes (paired for redundancy). Persistent
                      storage for VMs is implemented on the storage cluster, offering greater
                      scalability. </p>
                    <p><b>Reference Link </b>- <xref
                        href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_installation_for_systems_with_dedicated_storage.pdf"
                        scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> installation
                        for systems with dedicated storage</xref></p>
                  </li>
                  <li>
                    <p><b><keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> for regions</b></p>
                    <p>This document provides installation and configuration information for
                      deploying <keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> in any of the supported Regions
                      configurations. </p>
                    <p><b>Reference Link </b>- <xref
                        href="https://docs.hpcloud.com/pdf/static/HCG/4.0/Helion_OpenStack_Carrier_Grade_4.0_for_regions.pdf"
                        scope="external" format="pdf"><keyword keyref="kw-hcg-phrase"/> for
                        regions</xref></p>
                  </li>
                </ul></li>
            </ul>
          </p></note>
      </p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
