<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept-wr id="jow1454003782997" xml:lang="en-us"><title ixia_locid="1">Hyperthreading</title><shortdesc ixia_locid="2">Hyperthreading is an Intel processor technology that presents a single
        physical core as two logical cores, each with its own architectural state but with shared
        execution engine, caches, and bus interface. </shortdesc><prolog><author ixia_locid="3">Craig Griffin</author></prolog><conbody><p ixia_locid="4">The resource sharing allows a logical processor to process instructions when the
            other logical processor on the core is stalled waiting for data from memory. While
            hyperthreading presents a single physical core as two logical cores, it critical to be
            aware that it is a single processing pipeline whose performance gain is very dependent
            on the OS and applications. In some cases hyperthreading can actually cause a decrease
            in performance.</p><p ixia_locid="5">Hyperthreading should be used with an understanding of the applications that will share the physical cores and the requirements of the VMs deployed on it.  Some general guidelines are:</p>
        <ul id="ul_o4k_msz_55">
            <li ixia_locid="6">
                <p ixia_locid="7">Each logical core depends on the other logical core stalls to acquire execution
                    cycles so hyperthreading performance and latency are inherently not
                    deterministic. Performance-critical VMs must not share a physical core with
                    other VMs if hyperthreading is enabled.</p>
            </li>
            <li ixia_locid="8">
                <p ixia_locid="9">Hyperthreading works best when applications have frequent cache
                    misses and external memory accesses because that provides the execution time for
                    the other thread. If there are not a lot of processor stalls creating gaps for
                    the other thread to execute in, the performance gain is less and can even result
                    in no gain. </p>
            </li>
            <li ixia_locid="10">
                <p ixia_locid="11">Hyperthreading works worst when two logical cores start competing for the same
                    cache lines and cause cache thrashing. VMs with high rates of cached memory
                    access should not share physical core with any other VM.</p>
            </li>
            <li ixia_locid="12">
                <p ixia_locid="13">Low performance VMs and management VMs can share a physical core with another
                    VM.</p>
            </li>
        </ul><p ixia_locid="14">Titanium Server supports enabling or disabling hyperthreading. If hyperthreading
            is used, Titanium provides a CPU thread policy extra spec to optimize performance or
            optimize resources when using a dedicated CPU policy. Two options for the policy are
            provided:</p>
        <ul id="ul_rbv_4sz_55">
            <li ixia_locid="15">
                <p ixia_locid="16">Isolate – Enforces the used of only one hyperthread logical core in each physical
                    core. The sibling logical core will be unused by any other VM.</p>
            </li>
            <li ixia_locid="17">
                <p ixia_locid="18">Require- Requires that both siblings logical cores on the same physical core be
                    assigned to the VM so that no other VMs will be scheduled to use the thread on
                    that physical core. This feature is useful if the VM itself is optimized to
                    leverage hyperthreading to improve performance.</p>
                <note id="note_N10069_N10060_N10052_N10016_N10001" ixia_locid="19">
                    <p ixia_locid="20">The CPU thread policies mitigate the effects of using hyperthreading. For
                        maximum throughput and determinism, hyperthreading should be disabled.</p>
                </note>
            </li>
        </ul></conbody></concept-wr>