<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept-wr id="jow1454354937562" xml:lang="en-us"><title ixia_locid="1">Throughput Dimensioning</title><shortdesc ixia_locid="2">The throughput capabilities of AVS are highly dependent on the CPU
        assignments, NUMA placement and the guest application traffic profile.</shortdesc><prolog><author ixia_locid="3">Craig Griffin</author></prolog><conbody><p ixia_locid="5">The performance of AVS is also highly dependent on the packet size of the traffic
            being exchanged with the guest and the physical network. Smaller packet sizes result in
            higher overhead, therefore the overall data rate is lower than that of larger packet
            sizes that have less overhead. The packet data must also be copied into the guest VM
            memory from AVS and vice versa. Therefore to obtain higher traffic rates, it may be
            necessary to increase the number of CPUs assigned to both AVS and the guest, depending
            on which is the limiting factor in the packet processing. Typically the guest VM has
            higher overhead on a per-packet basis due to data copy overhead and on the actual
            payload processing of the packet, compared to AVS which typically does not inspect the
            payload of the traffic beyond the layer 2 headers. The only exception to this is when
            security groups are being leveraged to provide ACL services. In this configuration, AVS
            will inspect up to the layer 4 headers of IP traffic.</p></conbody>
    <related-links>
        <link href="jow1454354938132.dita" ixia_locid="6"/>
        <link href="jow1454354938702.dita" ixia_locid="7"/>
        <link href="jow1454354939252.dita" ixia_locid="8"/>
    </related-links></concept-wr>