<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept-wr id="jow1454003760450" xml:lang="en-us"><title ixia_locid="1">Storage Throughput for Storage Nodes</title><shortdesc ixia_locid="2"/><prolog><author ixia_locid="3">Craig Griffin</author></prolog><conbody><p ixia_locid="16">There are two dimensions of storage performance that should be considered:
            overall disk throughput, and throughput available for guest disk read/write. Overall
            throughput contributes to volume creation/VM boot times. Guest disk throughput is
            throughput available to the VMs for disk operations and is expressed in terms of I/O
            operations per second (IOPS) and data throughput.</p>
        <section id="section_N1001D_N10016_N10001" ixia_locid="17">
            <title ixia_locid="18">Overall Throughput</title>
            <p ixia_locid="19">Raw throughput of the Ceph cluster contributes to large operations
                such as volume creation. Throughput can be increased by increasing the number of
                OSDs (parallelism) and the raw speed of the individual OSDs. </p>
            <p ixia_locid="5">The key performance parameters impacted by throughput is volume create
                times and to a lesser degree VM boot times. The volume creation/boot times in turn
                are affected by the volume sizes and the number of simultaneous volume creation/boot
                operations and background disk operations of VMs already running.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_N10030_N10016_N10001" ixia_locid="20">
            <title ixia_locid="21">VM Guest Disk Throughput</title>
            <p ixia_locid="22">To determine the guest throughput requirements, evaluate the disk I/O
                requirements for the VMs. The key parameters to evaluate are IOPS and throughput.
                The number of OSDs, disk speed and type, and disk controllers should be chosen to
                comfortably meet the disk requirement. If this is not done, high disk utilization
                will degrade VM disk performance through increased latencies as well as increase
                volume creation/deletion and boot times.</p>
            <sl>
                <sli ixia_locid="6">Guest IOPS Requirement = N * AvgIopsPerVM + Margin</sli>
                <sli ixia_locid="7">Guest Throughput Requirement = N * AvgThroughputPerVM +
                    Margin</sli>
            </sl>
            <p ixia_locid="15">Where:</p>
            <sl id="ul_xlj_yxg_v5">
                <sli ixia_locid="8">N = number of VMs</sli>
                <sli ixia_locid="10">AvgIopsPerVM = Average Logical Disk I/O throughput in IOPS for
                    a VM</sli>
                <sli ixia_locid="12">AvgThroughputPerVM = Average Logical Disk I/O throughput in
                    MB/second for a VM</sli>
                <sli ixia_locid="14">Margin = User-defined margin (for example, additional
                    25%)</sli>
            </sl>
        </section></conbody></concept-wr>