<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" ><topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic1162">
<title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.1 Beta: Creating a Volume
        Snapshot</title>
<prolog>
<metadata>
<othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
</metadata>
</prolog>
<body>
        <p>A snapshot is a new volume based on a running instance. That snapshot can be used as the
            base for new instances.</p>
        <section id="creating-a-snapshot">
            <title>Create a volume snapshot</title>
            <p>To create a snapshot:</p>
            <ol>
                <li><xref href="../Dashboard/CGH-2-User-Dashboard-launch.dita#topic1160c2udl">Launch
                        the HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade Horizon Dashboard</xref>.</li>
                <li><xref href="../Dashboard/CGH-2-User-region-selector.dita#jow1432757989702"
                        >Select the appropriate region and project</xref>.</li>
                <li>Click the <b>Project</b> dashboard, then the <b>Compute</b> panel, then the
                        <b>Volumes</b> tab. </li>
                <li>Under the <b>Actions</b> column, click <b>Create Snapshot</b>, next to the
                    volume you want to snapshot.</li>
                <li>In the <b>Create Volume Snapshot</b> dialog box, enter the name and
                    description.</li>
                <li>Click <b>Create Volume Snapshot</b> to confirm. <p>A snapshot image is created
                        on the <b>Volume Snapshot</b> table.</p></li>
            </ol>
        </section>
        <section>
            <title>Delete a volume snapshot</title>
            <ol id="ol_g53_3mw_cv">
                <li><xref href="../Dashboard/CGH-2-User-Dashboard-launch.dita#topic1160c2udl">Launch
                        the HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade Horizon Dashboard</xref>.</li>
                <li><xref href="../Dashboard/CGH-2-User-region-selector.dita#jow1432757989702"
                        >Select the appropriate region and project</xref>.</li>
                <li>Click the <b>Project</b> dashboard, then the <b>Compute</b> panel, then the
                        <b>Volumes</b> tab. </li>
                <li>Click the <codeph>Volume Snapshot</codeph> table.</li>
                <li>Select the volume snapshot or snapshots that you want to delete.</li>
                <li>Click <b>Delete Volume Snapshot</b>.</li>
                <li>In the <b>Confirm Delete Volume Snapshot</b> dialog box, click <b>Delete Volume
                        Types</b>.</li>
            </ol>
        </section>
    </body>
</topic>
