<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic1925cgiod">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.1 Beta: Deploying the Denver
    Template</title>
  <titlealts>
    <searchtitle>HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade 2.1 Beta: Installation Overivew</searchtitle>
  </titlealts>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
     <p>This document describes the process for installing HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade.</p>
    <section id="about-the-installation">
      <title>About the installation</title>
      <p>The HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade Denver Deployment installs the lifecycle manager,
        creates a base HP Helion OpenStack cloud, configures network virtualization through
        Accelerated vSwitch (AVS), and deploys a carrier grade cloud.</p>
      <p>After installation, you can interact with the HP Helion OpenStack cloud using the <xref
          href="../../ServicesOverviews/carrier-grade-services-horizon-overview.dita"
          >Horizon graphical interface</xref> or using the CLIs of the respective <xref
          href="../../Overview/carrier-grade.services-overview.dita"
        >services</xref>.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="install-option">
      <p id="denver"><b>KVM Topology using the <i>denver</i> template</b></p>
      <p>If installing the <codeph>denver</codeph> template, you are installing the KVM Region and
        HP Helion OpenStack AVS networking. </p>
      <p>You can also integrate HPE Storevirtual (VSA) or HPE StoreServ (3PAR) storage in the KVM
        region. </p>
      <p>You must install 3PAR or VSA before starting the HP Helion OpenStack installation and are
        independent of HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade. During the installation, you will
        integrate the storage into HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade. See the installation
        instructions for the 3PAR and/or VSA parameters you will need.</p>
    </section>

    <section id="nic"><title>Unbonded or Bonded NIC configuration</title>
      <p>During the installation, specific steps might be different, based on whether you are
        installing into a single NIC or bonded NIC environment. </p>
    </section>

    <section id="installation-process">
      <title>Installation information</title>
      <p>Before starting the installation, review the following topics:</p>
      <p>Use the following process to install HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade.</p>
      <ul>
        <li><xref
            href="carrier-grade-technical-overview-denver.dita"
            >Technical Overview</xref> for information on the HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade
          environment. <ul>
            <li>Review the Cloud Topologies to decide appropriate topology for your use case.</li>
            <li>Review the deployment architecture for different hypervisors</li>
            <li>Review the network architecture for networking needs</li>
          </ul></li>
        <li><xref href="../carrier-grade-technical-specs.dita#topic3485cgts">Technical
            Specifications</xref> for dimensions and limits of the current versrion of HP Helion
          OpenStack Carrier Grade. </li>
        <li><xref href="carrier-grade-support-matrix-denver.dita#topic1773cgsmd">Support
            Matrix</xref> to make sure your environment meets the minimum requirements.</li>
      </ul>
      </section>
    <section>
      <title>Installation process</title>
      <p>Use the following process to install HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade.</p>
      <ol>
        <li> Perform any required or optional <xref
            href="CGH-install-prereqs-denver.dita"
            >installation prerequisites</xref>. </li>
        <li>
          <xref href="../prereqs/carrier-grade-install-network-prepare.dita">Prepare the network for
            installation</xref>.</li>
        <li>Download the <xref href="carrier-grade-install-download-denver.dita#topic7148cgidd"
            >installation packages</xref>.</li>
        <li>Install <xref href="CGH-2-install-lifecycle-denver.dita">the Lifecycle
          Manager</xref>.</li>
        <li>Install the <xref href="../denver/CGH-2-install-denver.dita">HPE Helion OpenStack cloud</xref>.
          These components will be installed into what is called the <i>Standard Region</i>.</li>
        <li>Launch the <xref href="../carrier-grade-install-launch-horizon.dita#topic10581cgilh">Helion
            user interface</xref>.</li>
        <li>Install the <xref href="carrier-grade-install-kvm-denver.dita">carrier grade
            cloud</xref>. The carrier grade cloud is deployed into what is called the <i>KVM
            region.</i></li>
        <li>After the deployment is complete, do a full backup of the deployment. This will make it
          easier to recover should you encounter a problem. For more information, see <xref
            href="../../OperationsGuide/Backup/CGH-2-backup-restore.dita#topic10581c2br">Backup and
            Restore Configuration Files</xref>.</li>
      </ol>
    </section>

    <section id="first-step">
      <title>First Step</title>
      <p>Perform the <xref href="CGH-install-prereqs-denver.dita">prerequisite steps</xref> required
        to install HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade.</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</topic>
