<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
  <!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.1/OS/dtd/topic.dtd" >
<topic xml:lang="en-us" id="topic10581c2id">
  <title>HP Helion <tm tmtype="reg">OpenStack</tm> Carrier Grade 2.1 Beta: Known Issues and
        Workarounds</title>
  <prolog>
    <metadata>
      <othermeta name="layout" content="default"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade 2.0"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Administrator"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Storage Architect"/>
      <othermeta name="role" content="Michael B"/>
      <othermeta name="product-version1" content="HP Helion OpenStack Carrier Grade 2.0"/>
    </metadata>
  </prolog>
  <body>
    <section id="next-step">
            <p> </p>
            <!--Build 41-->
            <p><b><u>Before running the infra playbooks and bringing up HLM</u></b></p>
            <p><b>Issue 0: The infra playbooks will also create Virtual Machines for Controllers.
                    The UI now does it - so it must be disabled in infra playbooks</b></p>
            <p>Workaround: Ensure in setup_vcloud.yml, all roles except SETUP-INFRA-ON-AV and
                HLM-CFG are either removed or commented.</p>
            <p> </p>
            <p><u><b>Navigation on UI</b></u></p>
            <p><b>Issue 1: Left side links "Manage Cloud" and Cloud Status Report dont work - they
                    are under constructions</b></p>
            <p>Workaround: Ignore these pages</p>
            <p> </p>
            <p><u><b>Before Running any Deploy Workflow, apply the following
                workarounds:</b></u></p>
            <p><b>Issue 2: wr.json generated by UI is malformed.</b></p>
            <p>Cause: Disable the nuage_vrs field last minute before the build - caused this
                issue</p>
            <p>Workaround: Manually correct the wr.json. Generate a temporary cloud definition using
                rcp topology. Copy its wr.json into your current cloud folder under vars subfolder
                and hand edit with correct values</p>
            <p><b>Issue 3: UI will fail your CLM network validation</b></p>
            <p>Cause: Validation checks if the startip is in-use, and fails if it is. But in CLM
                case - the startip is always in use cause its used by HLM.</p>
            <p>Workaround: Ignore the UI failure and proceed to the next page of the wizard</p>
            <p> </p>
            <p><b>Issue 4: Correct node-provision.json is not copied from temporary location to your
                    cloud folder by UI</b></p>
            <p>Cause: The some paths have changed after deploying the hlm-ui on /var/<xref
                    href="http://www..../" format="html" scope="external">www</xref>... path which
                the code was not build to handle. </p>
            <p>Workaround: After clicking Finish on Cloud Input Wizard, manually copy
                node-provision.json from /root/hlm-ui/hcginstaller-src/DB_JSON/node-provision.json
                to the /var/hlm/clouds/&lt;yourcloud&gt;/</p>
            <p><u><b>During Deploy Workflow from UI:</b></u></p>
            <p><b>Issue 5: Provisioning took very long on one of our test beds. The controllers were
                    already provisioned and booted.</b></p>
            <p>Workaround: If the process is not ending, ensure your ssh into each controller using
                its PXE IP. PXE IP can be found in nodes.json file under cloud folder. If the
                process is still running kill it. Do ps aux | grep python and see the line that has
                provision in it and kill that process and proceed with generate step</p>
            <title>Next Step</title>
            <p><xref href="carrier-grade-install-launch-horizon-denver.dita#topic10581cgilhd"
                    >Launching the Horizon Interface</xref></p>
        </section>
  </body>
</topic>
